(editorial) make Test Suite description README.md match current reality (#240)
solid/process: README.md

Editors have [_Admin Permissions_](https://help.github.com/en/articles/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization#permission-levels-for-repositories-owned-by-an-organization) on the repositories they are assigned to, and are permitted to grant [_Write Permissions_](https://help.github.com/en/articles/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization#permission-levels-for-repositories-owned-by-an-organization) to other contributing authors on the same. All Editors have [_Write Permissions_](https://help.github.com/en/articles/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization#permission-levels-for-repositories-owned-by-an-organization) on all repositories requiring editorial review listed in [editors.md](editors.md).

> # Test Suite 
> 
> Test Suite Developers work with the aim of developing a [test suite](https://github.com/solid/test-suite) that can be used to verify an implementation against the Solid specification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Solid QA

Solid QA policy, processes, and procedures are developed through the [Test Suite Panel](https://github.com/solid/test-suite-panel/) as per the [Test Suite Panel Charter](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/test-suite-panel-charter.md) with the aim to give authors of technical reports and software implementers confidence that they can rely on the Solid ecosystem to deliver on the promise of interoperability based on open standards.
```

Author: @csarven — I think this might warrant its own PR, as it's not tied to any change being made by mine.

In either case, I'd suggest changing `authors of technical reports and software implementers` to `authors of technical reports and implementers of software`.

Reviewer: I believe the essence of what needs to be added is better captured by my suggestion in that it represents current state of affairs - there is a whole set of work there, where solid/test-suite is acknowledged one of the work items.

I've updated the change request with your suggestion, thanks.

> Solid QA policy, processes, and procedures are developed through the [Test Suite Panel](https://github.com/solid/test-suite-panel/) as per the [Test Suite Panel Charter](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/test-suite-panel-charter.md) with the aim to give authors of technical reports and implementers of software confidence that they can rely on the Solid ecosystem to deliver on the promise of interoperability based on open standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Solid QA](https://solidproject.org/ED/qa) policy, processes, and procedures are developed through the [Test Suite Panel](https://github.com/solid/test-suite-panel/) as per the [Test Suite Panel Charter](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/test-suite-panel-charter.md) with the aim to give authors of technical reports and implementers of software confidence that they can rely on the Solid ecosystem to deliver on the promise of interoperability based on open standards.
```
